README.md, before:

# CooperativeEditor

*System and Device Programming project* - Cooperative multiuser editor.

The aim of this project is to implement, using client-server architecture, a C++ cooperative editor thanks to many user can work on the same file.

## Dependencies

The following libraries need to be installed in your system:

* spdlog
* qt

## Automatic libraries installation

If you do not want to manually download all dependencies, you can download `conan` which is a very powerful Dependency Manager Python module.

Once installed, create a default conan profile under `~/.conan/profiles/default`:

`╰─ conan profile new default --detect`

Remind to change the value `compiler.libcxx` and `compiler.version` according to your current version. The final configuration should be similar to this one:

```bash
~/.conan/profiles/default
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[settings]
 os=Linux
 os_build=Linux
 arch=x86_64
 arch_build=x86_64
 compiler=gcc
 compiler.version=9.1
 compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11
 build_type=Release
 [options]
 [build_requires]
 [env]
```

Then add the `bincraft` repository to your conan config:

`╰─ conan remote add bincrafters https://api.bintray.com/conan/bincrafters/public-conan`

Before compiling the project with CMake, install all the dependencied by typing the following command:

`╰─ conan install . -s build_type=Debug --install-folder=cmake-build-debug --build missing`

Finally, if the command successfully creates the file `conanbuildinfo.cmake` you can proceed compiling the project using CMake.

## Usage

To launch the CooperativeEditor client: `./CooperativeClient <server_address> <server_port>`

To launch the CooperativeEditor server: `./CooperativeServer <local_port>`

Commit message:

Add firsts editor windows (#5)
* Created qt windows branch

* Added editor files is View > Windows + started login form

* Modified MVC

* Changed Login window name

* Workaround to fix layout of buttons on login

* Added signals and slot PHASE 1

* Added msg type and class

* Added the slot to send to the controller username and password values

* Removed author

* Added hash to user's password (check algorithm to use!)

* Created Editor tmp

* connected slot signal to show Editor

* Completed hashed function

* Added signal slots for login and file listing msg

* Added pop-up dialog to confirm exit and empty login fields

* Pav

* Added dialogs when server is unreachable and when user+psswd are wrong

* Added parsing function to retrieve server's files list

* Modified CMakeList with native library support

* Added cmakelist with conan and modified rule in gitignore

* Added slot signals for crdt message and file requests result

* Refactored signals in Login and removed model from view

* Added doc, signal and slots and modified CLI input

* Added mutex include and rebased

* Refactored Messages and fileListing

* Added the file visualizer

* Added a new window "FileVisualizer" to manage the selection of files

* Refactored server Controller, it derives from QTcpServer. + Created QTcpSocket

* Modified read method from socket (TcpSocket). Moved logic

* Done some changes in the filevisualizer + started writing the editor

* Added a ton of stuff about login/signup windows

* Fixed symbol deserialize

* Minor changes to FileVisualizer window

* Removed untracked old classes

README.md, after:

# CooperativeEditor

*System and Device Programming project* - Cooperative multiuser editor.

The aim of this project is to implement, using client-server architecture, a C++ cooperative editor thanks to many user can work on the same file.

## Dependencies

The following libraries need to be installed in your system:

* spdlog
* qt

## Manual installation 

To install Qt run the following command and follow the wizard:

```bash
wget http://download.qt.io/official_releases/qt/5.9/5.9.1/qt-opensource-linux-x64-5.9.1.run
chmod +x qt-opensource-linux-x64-5.9.1.run
./qt-opensource-linux-x64-5.9.1.run
```
To install spdlog please refer to [this guide](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog).

## Automatic libraries installation

If you do not want to manually download all dependencies, you can download `conan` which is a very powerful Dependency Manager Python module.

Once installed, create a default conan profile under `~/.conan/profiles/default`:

`╰─ conan profile new default --detect`

Remind to change the value `compiler.libcxx` and `compiler.version` according to your current version. The final configuration should be similar to this one:

```bash
~/.conan/profiles/default
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[settings]
 os=Linux
 os_build=Linux
 arch=x86_64
 arch_build=x86_64
 compiler=gcc
 compiler.version=9.1
 compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11
 build_type=Release
 [options]
 [build_requires]
 [env]
```

Then add the `bincraft` repository to your conan config:

`╰─ conan remote add bincrafters https://api.bintray.com/conan/bincrafters/public-conan`

Before compiling the project with CMake, install all the dependencied by typing the following command:

`╰─ conan install . -s build_type=Debug --install-folder=cmake-build-debug --build missing`

Finally, if the command successfully creates the file `conanbuildinfo.cmake` you can proceed compiling the project using CMake.

**NOTE:**

In order to successfully compile, you must use the *CMakeListsConan.txt* and not the default one, since it has some command to setup the conan library inclusion.

## Usage

To launch the CooperativeEditor client: `./CooperativeClient <server_address> <server_port>`

To launch the CooperativeEditor server: `./CooperativeServer <local_port>`
